New version of instructions to support HSICC during a drupal deployment (#236)
OHS-Hosting-Infrastructure/infrastructure: docs/runbooks/how-to-support-eclkc-drupal-deploy.md

3. Once the `Pre Drupal Deploy Lifeboat sync` job completes successfully, connect to vpn east and test Lifeboat by going to [ip address](http://10.0.0.23) of the lifeboat server in your browser.
_Just make sure the page loads and you can click to a few different pages._

Lifeboat is now up to date with production.

### Route traffic to Lifeboat only for Drupal

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD029 -->
1. Update the Varnish configuration on Varnish1 to point Drupal traffic to Lifeboat.

   1. On the Varnish1 server open the file `/etc/varnish/default.vcl` for editing with the command: `sudo vim /etc/varnish/default.vcl`.
   2. Edit the `default` backend definition from:

    ```txt
    backend default {
        .host = "127.0.0.1";
        .port = "81";
        #.host = "127.0.0.1"; # lifeboat
        #.port = "80"; # lifeboat
    }
    ```

    to

    ```txt
    backend default {
        #.host = "127.0.0.1";
        #.port = "81";
        .host = "127.0.0.1"; # lifeboat
        .port = "80"; # lifeboat
    }
    ```

2. Cycle the Varnish servers in the production loadbalancer target group.

>    1. Log into the AWS console and navigate to the [production loadbalancer configuration](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/v2/home?region=us-east-1#LoadBalancers:search=ECLKC-Reader;sort=loadBalancerName).

Reviewer: Sorry--why do we navigate here?

Author: Good point... I don't know

   2. Deregister Varnish1 from the [production loadbalancer target group](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/home?region=us-east-1#TargetGroup:targetGroupArn=arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-east-1:802093990117:targetgroup/ECLKC-Reader-HTTPS/203a044ad376dddf) to drain the connections.

>    3. Restart the Varnish service on Varnish1 with the following command: `sudo systemctl restart varnish`.

Reviewer: This is -- ssh into Varnish1 server and restart with that command, right?

Author: yes.

3. Revert the Varnish configuration on Varnish1.
   1. On the Varnish1 server open the file `/etc/varnish/default.vcl` for editing with the command: `sudo vim /etc/varnish/default.vcl`.
   2. Edit the `default` backend definition from:

    ```txt
    backend default {
        #.host = "127.0.0.1";
        #.port = "81";
        .host = "127.0.0.1"; # lifeboat
        .port = "80"; # lifeboat
    }
    ```

    to

    ```txt
    backend default {
        .host = "127.0.0.1";
        .port = "81";
        #.host = "127.0.0.1"; # lifeboat
        #.port = "80"; # lifeboat
    }
    ```

4. Restart the Varnish service on Varnish1 with the following command: `sudo systemctl restart varnish`.
5. Reregister Varnish1 back to the [production loadbalancer target group](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/home?region=us-east-1#TargetGroup:targetGroupArn=arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-east-1:802093990117:targetgroup/ECLKC-Reader-HTTPS/203a044ad376dddf). Wait until the status is `Healthy`.
6. Notify HSICC that traffic is routed to production.

> 7. Trigger an update to 404.html pages on Varnish1 and Varnish2 using the script /etc/varnish/update-404.sh script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Trigger an update to 404.html pages on Varnish1 and Varnish2 by ssh'ing into each server and running the script in /etc/varnish/update-404.sh on those machines.
```
